AUTHOR: Mark Weaver
EMAIL: mdw1982@gmail.comes
PRIMARY RELEASE POINT: GitHub
STATUS: beta release

The MJournal program, hereafter, also known as "the program", "this program" is released under the GnuPL license. The Program is released as is and at no time does the author make any claims other wise. As Is means that program that is downloaded, shared, or obtained by any other means comes as it is. Mark Weaver, hereafter also know as "The Author" retains the copyright for this program. The program is the sole property, hereafter forever, but only the code as it appears in the GITHUB repository. Changes to the program that are not submitted to the author remain the proptery of that author until submitted and approved for inclusion into the program. Once accepted into the project for the program the author assumes partial ownership of contributions and shares that ownership with the contributor. All contributions will be noted and published along with the source code.

THIS PROGRAM CAN BE FREELY COPIED, SHARED, MODIFIED IN ANYWAY THAT SUITES THE NEEDS OF THE USER. HOWEVER, IT WOULD BE APPRECIATED THAT ANY CHANGES MADE TO THE PROGRAM BE SUBMITTED TO THE AUTHOR TO BE CONSIDERED FOR INCLUSION INTO THE PROJECT. THE PROGRAM IS RELEASED WITH ALL SOURCE CODE RELATED TO THE PROJECT, ALSO KNOWN AS MJOURNAL, WHICH INCLUDES A COMPILED BINARY THAT IS MEANT TO BE RUN AS A STAND ALONE PROGRAM RATHER THAN RUNNING THE SOURCE CODE ITSELF FROM THE COMMAND LINE.

THE AUTHOR OF THIS OPEN SOURCE PROGRAM MAKES NO CLAIM OF DATA SECURITY. THE PROGRAM WAS DESIGNED PRIMARILY AS A PERSONAL JOURNALING PROGRAM FOR USE ON THE LINUX DESKTOP. IT DOES NOT, NOR WAS IT INTENDEDM, TO COMMUNICATE WITH OUTSIDE ENTITIES OR PHONE HOME TO THE AUTH0R IN ANY WAY, SHAPE OR FORM. THAT IS SELF-EVIDENT IN THE SOURCE CODE.

BECAUSE THIS PROGRAM IS RELEASED AS IS AND THE PROJECT DEVELOPMENT IS ONGOING CHANGES TO THE PROGRAM PUBLISHED AT GITHUB CAN BE UPLOADED AND PUBLISHED WITH NO ADVANCED WARNING OR ANNOUNCEMENT. AS THE AUTHOR OF THIS PROGRAM IS DEVELOPING THE PROGRAM AS A LABOR OF LOVE TO FILL A NEED FOR HIMSELF THERE IS NO DIRECT SUPPORT FOR THE PROGRAM OFFERED, NOR SHOULD ANY BE EXPECTED. AS UPDATES TO THE PROGRAM ARE MADE THEY WILL BE RELEASED ON THE GITHUB PLATFORM.

AS A BETA RELEASE IT IS TO BE EXPECTED BY THE END USER THERE WILL BE QUIRKS, ISSUES, BUGS AND ASSORTED PROBLEMS ASSOCIATED WITH THE PROGRAM. THESE AFORE MENTIONED IDIOSYNCROCIES CAN CAUSE A SITUATION WHERE LOSS OF DATA COULD OCCUR. THE AUTHOR ASSUMES NO RESPONSBILITY FOR THIS LOSS OF DATA. RESPONISIBILITY FOR DATA GENERATED BY THE USE AND RUNNING OF THIS PROGRAM IS ASSUMED BY THE END USER THE MOMENT THE END USER STARTS THE PROGRAM FOR THE FIRST TIME. THE AUTHOR MAKES NO CLAIM OF SECURITY OR DATA LOSS PREVENTION WHILE USING THIS PROGRAM.
